hello to all welcome to this little
video contest I introduce myself I
call me it chirac or follow in has
maybe from you who is me
know since I'm busy on
youtube of all that is universe
naruto so nothing to see of course
with call of duty but today I
here to earn you 5 codes
a fleet on xbox one I specify well
xbox one since three other videos have
been posted on the channel
with regard to the xbox the ps3 and the
So what are we interested in?
in this video it's the xbox one
that's it, listen, I'm talking to you
little bit of gameplay so I'm you
saw it at the silent wrist vector
I'm in a flash with five more
members of the team cod qg the team sky
so we are six and we are one
attempt to perfect in light so that
does that make it an imperfect 16-0 in
lightning since clerics and split into
two games of 2 8 points all
simply and so we try
to tame semap since they come
to go out and I'm not hiding that it's
a real pleasure to discover it since
not only do we start with call of
duty ghost to know the maps well
know all the spots and company and
second round I'm not hiding
I was a judge had avoided spoliation
watching videos to let me
fully discover these maps
here we go back on the small
contest so listen to the skin if
activision offers us the possibility
thanks to them by passing from
save 5 codes
so what is in this dense
in this code
hunt claude here is behind this
weapon there that you see at the moment that
is called the mavericks and a new
weapon that comes out and comes in two
different weapons ends two types
of different weapons since there is one
that you just saw and also the same
but sniper version so it's a small
mic mac which allows to use it as
that sniper and it's obviously a
sniper finally has real snipers in the
category of rifles sniper rifles
like him and it's round the 119 and the wing
which is rather not bad so I you
give my opinion about america but
first, I'll talk about the
four new maps which has that one
what's called containment then
honestly I tell you a whole
little bit my life for two seconds
I stopped call of duty on mw2 at
the time to start all the tricks
shot and all the antics I stopped
there and since that time and I have more
never touch up a call of duty I'm
am more interested at least and I am
income on ghost i wanted to do
a little come back on this game and I'm
income on ghost so I do not hide from you
not that the transition between mw2 is
kid to be very difficult for me
as much at the level of the weapons
of the strengths of the killstreaks that
I was completely late had
really many things that I do not
did not know at all
we at the time played with
go-go opposition forces and ninja
So that was really it was
really another another universe and
for nothing to hide from you was not the
all at all fan of these ghost maps
now i have taken the habit of course
but all that to come
what I wanted to tell you at the base
when I saw the four
maps of ce2 ce2 is tlc I loved the
four I played the four and I liked
the four so I'm going to make you a
little quick description there is one
who is really nice she is not
too big not too small there are plenty
spots everywhere it's really nice
there is a bridge too which is a little bit
in radiation can see it on the map
top left and a radiation bridge
which will confuse you a bit
radars and you can you have the
possibility of destroying it
simply by having the spes of
colic am we will call it like that
the package klm that will destroy besides
you will finally see a video
there is also another brand that
is called flood which is smaller
a little bit are in the swamps with
little corridors is all really
really really nice a third
map so that's called bay view which is
really nice to see I want to say
beautiful to see
it makes me think about doing
math that I could see in video on mw3
it is colored there is a aquarium ya
clothing stores
it's in the city it's really nice
and finally the last one is the remake of
scrap yards for those who were playing so
at the time of mw2 it's a single map
is called so will be innichen kid and
which is honestly I think one of
best maps for now on
ghost because I really find her
perfect neither too big nor too small
exactly like this one with full
of places in floor height finally
in short I love it in my punishment
and so what about the little more
of this dlc so it will be the weapons the
mavericks and the sniper mavericks then
same I give my opinion frankly
I loved 7.7 mavericks
she is really nice she is for me
do not find it right away and is
neither too weak I really find it
versatile jean louis vielajus
personally with an inviting aim
laser and a silencer simply I 'm
see the handle because I do not find
that it's really necessary with the
not necessarily necessarily unstable
we are at 10 0 out of 7 out of 7 is clear
So we are with the whole team
defend
of the world six members of the soho team
qg then there is bobby the man is not telling himself
of stupidity there are exact in the part
exact bobby lol me even though they're jce
Tisot Tintin good striker and he
request more complicated than that no
the call of a so we are so his nose to
13.0 so listen to it happens rather
good for us and for it to happen
good for you what I propose to you
it is to simply leave a
little comment in the section of
comments from this video where you
say that you are participating for this code
a slot on xbox one simply
try to be offered a little bit your
message for not that they pass as
that sure spam on youtube because you
have I think the usual of contests
and it's true that sometimes the sails and
messages when they look alike
troop goes on as spam so
do not hesitate to participate in the
comments section because that's
true that eventually we can maybe
not all can afford to put 15 or 20
euros in a video game like that in more
of the initial price of the video game so
listen to it
and besides I take advantage of it for
thank you for activision for this little
contest do not hesitate to
participate in any case really good dlc
for this first dlc of ghost we start
very very strong will it really
United Nations at the level of weapons that
maps true a real happiness of them
discover and play with and the mode
party so we are at 15 0 and there
the 16th point was put and I leave you
with this small package kmm destruction of
bridges that's good base of manas all that